Update troubleshooting.md with Windows warning (#33916)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/troubleshooting.md

See [sourcegraph/sourcegraph#398](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/398) for more information.

> > WARNING: Running Sourcegraph on ARM / ARM64 images is not supported for production deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> WARNING: Running Sourcegraph on Docker Toolbox for Windows is not supported for production deployments.
```

ARM isn't widespread among Windows machines yet - the important part is we don't really support Windows in general.
